Added a conditional TLS module rule (#138)
Logius-standaarden/API-Design-Rules: DesignRules.md

> # The core set of Design Rules

Reviewer: Is core "set" niet verwarrend, is dit ook niet een "module"?

Author: omdat alle modules rules bevatten is in de modulaire opzet gekozen voor 1 module met een core set van design rules. deze /`core`/ is ook in de naamgeving van de rules nu meegenomen. Ik pas m dan ook nu niet aan in het kader van de TLS module review. Als er veel feedback op komt vanuit de consultatie kijken we nogmaals naar de naamgeving.

  <p></p>
</div>

## Conditional Modules

> As described in <a href="#extensions">the Extensions paragraph</a> the NL API Strategy is composed of a set of modules that are extentions on <a href="#the-core-set-of-design-rules">the Core set of Design Rules</a>. The modules are optional or conditional. Optional rules can be found in the infographic. All conditional modules are referenced in this document and the 'conditional usage' is formalized as a unique designrule.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As described in <a href="#extensions">the Extensions paragraph</a> the NL API Strategy is composed of a set of modules that are extensions on <a href="#the-core-set-of-design-rules">the Core set of Design Rules</a>. The modules are optional or conditional. Optional modules can be found in the infographic. All conditional modules are referenced in this document and the 'conditional usage' is formalized as a unique design rule.
```

<span id="api-tls"></span>
<div class="rule" id="/core/conditional/transport-security">

>   <p class="rulelab"><b>/core/conditional/transport-security</b>: Apply transport security conform the module</p>

Reviewer: Is niet helemaal correct Engels. Misschien aanpassen naar: "Apply the transport security module"?

Author: deze heb ik verbeterd

   <dl>
      <dt>Statement</dt>
      <dd>
         When handling government data the transport security module MUST be applied.
      </dd>
      <dt>Rationale</dt>
      <dd>

>          The transport security module as described and published on <a href="https://github.com/Geonovum/KP-APIs">Github</a> formalizes three simple rules to apply to API's:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
         The transport security module as described and published on <a href="https://github.com/Geonovum/KP-APIs">Github</a> formalizes three rules to apply to APIs:
```
De regel "No sensitive information in URIs" had was discussie, dus wellicht "simple" weglaten.

>          The transport security module as described and published on <a href="https://github.com/Geonovum/KP-APIs">Github</a> formalizes three simple rules to apply to API's:

Reviewer: Zou dit een link naar de (toekomstig) gepubliceerde module moeten worden? Bijv: https://docs.geostandaarden.nl/api/transport-security

Author: ik pas m aan naar de werkversie op:  https://geonovum.github.io/KP-APIs/API-strategie-modules/transport-security/

         <ol>
         <li>Secure connections using TLS</li>
         <li>No sensitive information in URIs</li>
         <li>Use CORS to control access</li>
         </ol>

>          Furthermore the module describes best practices for security headers, browser-based applications, and other HTTP configurations. These best practices Must be considerd and the considerations SHOULD be published in the API documentation. Hence the transport security is the baseline for REST API resources and the data concerned is a vital asset of the government the rules and best practices are condiderd the minimal security principles, concepts and technologies to apply.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
         Furthermore the module describes best practices for security headers, browser-based applications, and other HTTP configurations. These best practices MUST be considered and the considerations SHOULD be published in the API documentation. Hence the transport security is the baseline for REST API resources and the data concerned is a vital asset of the government the rules and best practices are condidered the minimal security principles, concepts and technologies to apply.
```

      </dd>
      <dt>Implications</dt>
      <dd>

>          Adherance to this rule needs to be manually verified. Some rules of the module COULD be tested automatically and will be shown on <a href="https://developer.overheid.nl/">developer.overheid.nl</a>. The source code of these technical test can be found <a href="https://gitlab.com/commonground/don/adr-validator/-/blob/main/pkg/adr/rules.go">here</a>. The specific tests are published in the [[ADR-Validator]] repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
         Adherence to this rule needs to be manually verified. Some rules of the module COULD be tested automatically and will be shown on <a href="https://developer.overheid.nl/">developer.overheid.nl</a>. The source code of these technical test can be found <a href="https://gitlab.com/commonground/don/adr-validator/-/blob/main/pkg/adr/rules.go">here</a>. The specific tests are published in the [[ADR-Validator]] repository.
```

Reviewer: Deze spelfout komt op meerdere plekken voor in het document.

>          Adherance to this rule needs to be manually verified. Some rules of the module COULD be tested automatically and will be shown on <a href="https://developer.overheid.nl/">developer.overheid.nl</a>. The source code of these technical test can be found <a href="https://gitlab.com/commonground/don/adr-validator/-/blob/main/pkg/adr/rules.go">here</a>. The specific tests are published in the [[ADR-Validator]] repository.

Reviewer: Wilde je hier ook naar een specifieke versie linken (ipv de main branch)?

Author: Nee, de TLS rules worden uiteindelijk is een separate test opgenomen en wanneer deze gereed is kunnen we aangepaste de link als patch doorvoeren op de standaard.

>          Adherance to this rule needs to be manually verified. Some rules of the module COULD be tested automatically and will be shown on <a href="https://developer.overheid.nl/">developer.overheid.nl</a>. The source code of these technical test can be found <a href="https://gitlab.com/commonground/don/adr-validator/-/blob/main/pkg/adr/rules.go">here</a>. The specific tests are published in the [[ADR-Validator]] repository.

Reviewer: these technical test**s**?

Author: aangepast naar "the technical test" ;-)
